okay so they i'm going to show you how
to put music on the samsung juke alright
first you'll need is of course let's
have some juice for me the USB cable
that came with the juke inside the box
it looks like this are going at the this
end of the USB plug it into a USB slot
wrong way all right now you're getting
at the other end of it we're going to
put it on the samsung juke this way i'm
gonna do is take it out put it in no
save ready to sing music and on the
computer screen it was saying you know
just pop up a little window and at this
i'm going to do my just click this
and put internal storage then go to
music ends on the music right here in
order to put the music on there on the
move to start my music or whatever your
music is i gotta do is just drag it into
the folder and that's it so and that's
how you put songs on the samsung juke
and then when you're done I can use exit
out check out the USB port with the
cable take out this and there you have
it you're going to menu music my music
and that's right here thank you for
watching
you